docs(drop-down): edit drop-down documentations (#2014)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/drop_down_virtual.md

## Virtual Drop Down

> <p class="highlight">The Ignite UI for Angular Drop Down component can fully integrate usage of the [IgxForOf](for_of.md) directive in order to display a very large list of items for its selection</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="highlight">The Ignite UI for Angular Drop Down component can fully integrate with the [IgxForOf](for_of.md) directive in order to display a very large list of items for its selection.</p>
```

</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Usage

#### First Steps

> In order to configure the drop-down to display a list of virtual items, you need to fulfil some prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to configure the drop-down to display a list of virtual items, you need to fulfill some prerequisites.
```

> First, we need to import the `IgxForOfModule` in the module of the component that we will declare our drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we need to import the `IgxForOfModule` in the module of the component that will declare our drop-down.
```

export class AppModule {}
```

#### Template Configuration

> Next, we need to create the drop-down component's template, looping through the data using [`*igxFor`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxforofdirective.html) instead of `*ngFor`. The `*igxFor` needs some additional configuration in order to properly display all of the items:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we need to create the drop-down component's template, looping through the data using [`*igxFor`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxforofdirective.html) instead of `*ngFor`. The `*igxFor` directive needs some additional configuration in order to properly display all of the items:
```

To preserve selection while scrolling, the drop-down item needs to have a reference to the data items it is bound to.

> [!NOTE]
> For the drop-down to work with a virtualized list of items, [`value`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdropdownitemcomponent.html#value) and [`index`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdropdownitemcomponent.html#index) inputs **must** be passed to all items.
> [!NOTE]
> It is strongly advised for each item to have an unique value passed to the `[value]` input. Otherwise, it might lead to unexpected results (incorrect selection). 
> [!NOTE]
> When the drop-down uses virtualized items, the type of [`dropdown.selectedItem`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdropdowncomponent.html#selecteditem) becomes `{ value: any, index: number }`, where `value` is a reference to the data item passed inside of the `[value]` input and `index` is the item's index in the data set

#### Component Definition

> Inside of the component's constructor, we'll declare a moderately large list of items (containing both headers and disabled items) which will be displayed in the drop-down. We will also need to declare `itemHeight` and `itemsMaxHeight`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside of the component's constructor, we'll declare a moderately large list of items (containing both headers and disabled items), which will be displayed in the drop-down. We will also need to declare `itemHeight` and `itemsMaxHeight`:
```

}
```

#### Styles

The last part of the configuration is to set `overflow: hidden` to the wrapping div in order to prevent the appearance of two scroll bars (one from the `igxFor` and one from the container itself):

```scss
// drop-drop-virtual.component.scss
.drop-down-virtual-wrapper {
    overflow: hidden;
}
```

### Remote Data

> The `igx-drop-down` supports loading chunks of remote data using the `igxFor` directive. The configuration is similar to the one using it with local items and the main difference is handling the loading of different data chunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `igx-drop-down` supports loading chunks of remote data using the `*igxFor` structural directive. The configuration is similar to the one with local items, the main difference being how data chunks are loaded.
```

</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Notes and Limitations

> Using the drop-down with a virtualized list of items enforce some limitations. Please be aware of the following when trying to set up a drop-down list using `*igxFor`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the drop-down with a virtualized list of items enforces some limitations. Please, be aware of the following when trying to set up a drop-down list using `*igxFor`:
```
